[Music]
planet Earth is like no other
breathtaking landscapes exploding with
color home to over 8 million species of
plants and animals
this planet sustains us and every
creature we share it with but more than
that it inspires us
exquisite species overload our senses
with their vibrant shades
patterns
and textures
up to now many of us have taken it for
granted but it's not too late to protect
the source of our creativity this planet
is suffocating because of our increasing
desire for fast fashion and most of the
industry still supports this making it
one of the world's biggest polluters our
hunger for fast fashion is pushing
species to the brink of extinction
destroying the habitats that provide us
with clean air
and polluting the rivers that give us
fresh water
each year over a hundred billion items
of clothing are produced globally using
thousands of different chemicals yet
three out of five items end up in
landfill within 12 months
[Music]
we all need a healthy planet not only to
survive but also to inspire the
creativity that drives fashion and
design and there is hope nature's power
of regeneration is remarkable the choice
lies with us every time we invest in an
item of clothing we can consider every
purchase and love our choices we can buy
quality and consume less we can recycle
and repurpose
[Music]
together we can change our attitude
towards fast fashion
sustainable
clean
Considered
fashion